at
hello friends here is a friend brought me here
such tank frame without sang and without
nuts for milling machine for for
clamping small cuts for small
milling machine apparently type
school-to-one side spindle with
one side they it has a morse cone
number two on the other hand is internal
cone steeper angle well according to my
approximate calculation am7 24 complexity
it's hard to believe this one
small cone and labor and make
sanga so she came back immediately
same without a fit and so first the first
the collet option didn't work because
that cone simply did not agree i did
Sangu with proportions 7 24 what a pair of what
it turned out there but did not agree therefore
it was decided to do a little differently
rock the female herself with this one
fit and without turning the sled already
not me their state of affairs is fair
groove already at the same angle itself
actually collet and for starters you can
see and I tried to do it on such
here is the console mandrel this sangu to
minimize radial runout
holes relative to the outer
the conical part but it did not give much
result and so later i'm here and
put in centro well preloaded that
purely due to frictional forces it rotated and
I cut a small shavings I processed it
On fair but this and the right gift
centers beating is minimal
already characterized by this error
the centers themselves for us seemingly nothing
ok it turned out now
mandrel this is her native cone
which was a factory how would finish off at 7
sotok is almost ten so he us it
not sorry and even more so
so that the cones have accuracy already
my tallest gate on the same
sled with the same angle
without changing the protaras then what you are already on
new corner 7 24 live us by
theoretical in our theoretical
calculation means here was the old corner
cooler so we have there like
there is a stock of metal outside we are at the exit
practically do not remove chips
touch rice
and further into the depths and he does not cut depth
increases and we do in general without
damage and without doing a new cone
and we will have the right proportion
held at the maximum correct 7 7 7
24 as here is how milling standard
cone cabinet in the spindles of large machines
summer will not happen itself
jamming the bar itself will be removed
easy due to the fact that the angle of the cone
pretty big well, that's natural but
we checked
after boring of course no heartbeat
No, but you can be different
material hardness can
some kind of hardening so you checked
whether roundness and so on well, all
ok well here we are in advance
put the sangu not cut yet
just stuck to climb so
offhand check checked before
beating well like or two hundred for us
it seems to be in
normal result and now cut
her into four parts neatly
thin frezoy hetera thickness she has one
millimeter probably well, now we
put the ready sangu very beat
friezes are different happens as she
there will be some errors
installation somewhere between three and could for
almost zero position here's how
here for example we have here somewhere
literally one hundred point even less
beats well in general, the result seems to be for
The beginnings turned out to be normal.
goodbye